DOC Add changelog entry for site tree keyboard nav (#821)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.2.0.md

Reviewer: Add a note in here about the `tabIndex="0"` being added in `templates/SilverStripe/CMS/Controllers/Includes/CMSMain_TreeNode.ss` and `templates/SilverStripe/CMS/Controllers/Includes/CMSMain_SubTree.ss` in case people are overriding either of those templates.

Either mention the templates or the affected elements - either is fine. We've been mentioning affected elements so far.

Author: Done

A skip link has been added to the CMS to allow users to skip past the main navigation. This is primarily for users who use a screen reader or who navigate via the keyboard. The link is visually hidden until it receives focus by pressing the tab key.

#### Keyboard navigation for the site tree

> Keyboard navigation has been added for the site tree within the CMS. Users can now navigate, expand, and collapse tree nodes using arrow keys. Page Up and Page Down keys facilitate faster navigation, and the space bar toggles the expansion of nodes with children.

Reviewer: Need to advise what the page up and page down buttons do specifically. Also simplified the language a little bit.

```suggestion
Keyboard navigation has been added for the site tree within the CMS. Users can now navigate, expand, and collapse tree nodes using arrow keys or the tab key. The "Page Up" and "Page Down" keys move focus to the top and bottom page in the current nesting level, and the space bar expands and collapses nodes with children.
```

Author: Done
